README

This project definitely seemed a little daunting at first but I settled in to just begin writing code and it came together fairly quickly. I ended up deleting my GitHub repos as I couldn't get them to update correctly as I accidentally added the parent folder of the repos as the actual repo, but this has been corrected and since I don't have a change history to view for this now I will write some lessons learned here.

My hero section of the page was by far the part I had the hardest time with; I began by keeping everything in a row format and using no columns as I believed I could correctly space and control the look of everything this way. I got quite close to what I was looking to accomplish but I remembered the different times flex column was used to create footers and headers in the exercises so I actually rewrote almost all the CSS for this, which turned out to be an effort in vain. Turns out a health mix of row and column format when needed is appropriate and I also need to display: flex a lot less than I keep believing.

I finally got everything to look the way I wanted but was struggling to keep the image and hero content aligned with the top logo and links which ended up being a width issue preventing them from lining up correctly. After I finally discovered this (about two days) the entire rest of the page breezed by. I believe I have a fairly solid understanding of flexbox and have been looking into @media queries as my page does have breakpoints at a smaller size, though Odin Project says not to worry about mobile compatability right now I am still curious!
